# Privacy Policy

**Last updated: June 19, 2025 using https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/**

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/).

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- **Application** refers to Activate Chase Offers, the software program provided by the Company.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Activate Chase Offers.
- **Country** refers to: California, United States
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data means the names of the deals we are activating. This data is stored locally in your Chrome browser and is wiped by new actions on the Chrome extension.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, by telling you which offers we've activated for you.

### Retention of Your Personal Data / Transfer of Your Personal Data

All data is stored locally and not obtained by us. You are the only one in control of your data.


### Delete Your Personal Data

You can delete your data by simply clearing your browser's data.

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will notify You via prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: mtrinh11@gmail.com
